hi girls, solis jaqueira today in bring
for you how to make the merger is tie to
they have these three sizes a star
satin and uses us to do is just the
serve she does not pass the tape instead of the other
we hug the third tip well
next door and come to Wednesday and Thursday
always in the same position is always always
side by side filling the
back to the sixth and the seventh done that I
I can leave it with one turn or
fill with more like this one that already
it's ready here
she has four laps on top of it
I only point and do what second
back in the second on the accounts so I
I come and keep rolling, and then you
determines which is the finish you
whether you can use pearl buttons
rhinestone and so on or make the
finishing with fifa itself pulling
one contained inside
after giving the blocks to people
Comes with Needle and Thread
Let's raise the tip that neither the
who started the uprising contained and will
pass orifice needles on one side of the
other
I pull needle with the name
Back to cei rose to power.